Add music data project (#21)
CodeYourFuture/The-Piscine: Project-Music-Data/README.md

# Music data project

> One of the most common tasks in software is to take some data, process it in some way, and present it usefully to a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common task in software is to take some data, process it in some way, and present it usefully to someone.
```

> For this project, we have supplied a collection of data for you to analyse. Your task is to write code which processes it and shows useful conclusions to a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have supplied a collection of data for you to analyse. Your task is to write code which processes this data and shows useful conclusions to a user.
```

> You should make a small HTML + JavaScript frontend which displays the answers to several questions, which are listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a small HTML + JavaScript frontend which displays the answers to several questions, which are listed below.
```

> Some principles you should remember throughout this project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some principles to remember throughout this project:
```

> 1. This is a project about data processing, not UI. You should make a simple frontend to show the data, but you should spend as little time as you can on the frontend. No credit will be given for making prettier or more complicated frontend. You do not need to write any CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This is a project about data processing, not UI. You should make a simple frontend to show the data in valid semantic HTML. No credit will be given for making prettier or more complicated frontend. Do not write any CSS.
```

> 2. You should assume the data will change in the future, but will have the same schema. So you shouldn't pre-compute anything - your code should always read the data and calculate results from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You should assume the data will change in the future, but will have the same schema. So you shouldn't pre-compute anything. Your code should always read the data and calculate results from scratch.
```

> TODO: Generate and link to `data.js`

Reviewer: ? still todo?

7. What were the user's top three genres to listen to?

## Rubric

All of the below requirements must be met for the project to be considered complete:

* The website must contain a drop-down which lists three users.
* Selecting a user must display answers relevant to that user (see table below).
* The code written to calculate the answers to the questions must seem like it could handle different data if it were supplied, including the following edge-cases:
  * An empty array of song data, or an empty subset for any question, should completely hide the question and answer. Displaying the question and an empty result, or any kind of error, is not acceptable. If no questions apply to the user, some intelligible statement should be shown to the user (e.g. "This user didn't listen to any songs.").
  * If fewer than three (but more than zero) genres were listened to the site should list the top genres listened to, and should not display text like "Top 3 genres" but may say "Top genres" or "Top 2 genres" or similar.

> * Unit tests must be written for at least one non-trivial function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unit tests must be written for at least one non-trivial function.
* The HTML is valid
* There is no CSS
```

Author: I'm not sure about completely banning CSS. We've discussed before that extensions / stretch goals are fine, just we won't give people credit for them. This feels like it goes a step further, and actively fails people for doing a stretch goal, rather than just discouraging it?

Reviewer: I think it's better to save them from themselves tbh.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps a compromise position here is that we could mark a specific version as the submitted version - and allow for stretch goals past this point. IIRC there's wording about git shas in the project recommendations? Might also be a good opportunity to experience branching "for real"

Author: For now I've gone with the compromise of instructing them not to write CSS, but not adding to the rubric that they'll fail if they do.

Bonus points (which don't mean anything):

* Re-using code between the "most often" questions (i.e. questions 1, 2, 3, 4).
* End-to-end tests.

Expected output data:
| Question                     | User 1 | User 2 | User 3 |
| ---------------------------- | ------ | ------ | ------ |

> | Most listened song (count)   | TODO   | TODO   | TODO   |

Reviewer: Still TODO?
